7 ontop time series (#8)
TheWorldAvatar/hd4-stack: README.md

./stack.sh start hd4
```

## Restarting ontop container (temporary workaround)

> Currently, running the stack data uploader will create two additional ontop containers - `ontop-sgpostocde` and `ontop-timeseries`. If the stack is restarted, these two containers need to be manually spun up in order for federation to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, running the stack data uploader will create two additional ontop containers - `ontop-sgpostcode` and `ontop-timeseries`. If the stack is restarted, these two containers need to be manually spun up in order for federation to work.
```

To do this, modify contents of [stack-data-uploader/inputs/config/hd4.json](stack-data-uploader/inputs/config/hd4.json) to only update sgpostcode and timeseries:

```json
{
    "name": "hd4",
    "externalDatasets": [
        "sgpostcode",
        "timeseries"
    ]
}
```

Remove data to upload in [stack-data-uploader/inputs/config/sgpostcode.json](stack-data-uploader/inputs/config/sgpostcode.json):

```json
{
    "name": "sgpostcode",
    "database": "postgres",
    "workspace": "twa",
    "skip": false,
    "datasetDirectory": "sgpostcode",
    "dataSubsets": [
    ],
    "mappings": [
        "sgpostcode.obda"
    ]
}
```

Then remove the mapping in [stack-data-uploader/inputs/data/sgpostcode/sgpostcode.obda](stack-data-uploader/inputs/data/sgpostcode/sgpostcode.obda) to look like [stack-data-uploader/inputs/data/timeseries/timeseries.obda](stack-data-uploader/inputs/data/timeseries/timeseries.obda).

Then rerun the stack-data-uploader, this should only spin up the required ontop containers and nothing else.

```bash
cd stack-data-uploader
./stack.sh start hd4
```

## Trajectories

> Prerequisite: Point time series uploaded using the TimeSeriesClient with `com.cmclinnovations.stack.clients.timeseries.TimeSeriesRDBClient`. An input agent to instantiate is not committed/provided at the moment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisite: Point time series uploaded using the TimeSeriesClient with `com.cmclinnovations.stack.clients.timeseries.TimeSeriesRDBClient`. Users need to provide their own instantiation agents, e.g. the FenlandTrajectoryAgent.
```
